# AnTalk-Privacy
**Privacy Policy**

Shakuniya built the Any Talk app as [open
source/free/freemium/ad-supported/commercial] app. This SERVICE is
provided by Shakuniya at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the
collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone
decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and
use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information
that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will
not use or share your information with anyone except as described in
this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at AnTalk unless otherwise
defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to
provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including
but not limited to Information we collect and how we collect it, How
Your, Changes to Our Privacy Policy, Data Retention Period, Data
Security, Your Choices About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your
Information, Information is used, Disclosure of your information for
Permitted Purpose, . The information that we request will be retained by
us and used as described in this privacy policy.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used
to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

-   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
-   [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
-   [Google Analytics for
    Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics)
-   [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/)
-   [Fabric](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

**Information You Provide**

 * ***Your Account Information***

      You provide your mobile phone number and basic information 
      (including a profile name) to create a AnTalk account.
      You provide us, all in accordance with applicable laws,
      the phone numbers in your mobile address book on a regular basis,
      including those of both the users of our Services and your other contacts.
      You may provide us an email address. You may also add other information 
      to your account, such as a profile picture and about information.
      
      
 * ***Your Messages***

      We do not retain your messages in the ordinary course of providing our
      Services to you. Once your messages (including your chats, photos, videos,
      voice messages, files, and share location information) are delivered,
      they are deleted from our servers. Your messages are stored on your own device.
      If a message cannot be delivered immediately (for example, if you are offline),
      we may keep it on our servers for up to 30 days as we try to deliver it.
      If a message is still undelivered after 30 days, we delete it.
      We use end-to-end encryption for our Services. End-to-end encryption means 
      that your messages are encrypted to protect against us and third parties
      from reading them.


**Log Data**

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an
error in the app we collect data and information (through third party
products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include
information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device
name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when
utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and
other statistics.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as
anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the
websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app
may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect
information and improve their services. You have the option to either
accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to
your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to
use some portions of this Service.

**Service Providers**

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following
reasons:

-   To facilitate our Service;
-   To provide the Service on our behalf;
-   To perform Service-related services; or
-   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have
access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks
assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

**Security**

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we
are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But
remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of
electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a
third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these
external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you
to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children's Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children
under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us
with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will
be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are
advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify
you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-08-12

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do
not hesitate to contact us at privacy@anytalk.in.


https://sandeep109.github.io/AnTalk-Privacy/
